[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
Caught in a cunning trap
set by Gargoyle,
the Nautilus fell prey
to an attack
by American naval forces
led by Captain Melville.
Damage to the ship
caused a lethal gas leak
that threatened the life
of three sailors,
including Jean's new friend,
Ensign Fait.
In order to minimize
the damage,
Captain Nemo ordered
the engine room sealed,
ensuring the death of the
sailors.
Jean and Nadia learn
about the dark side of science
and the ship's captain
as our story continues.
[waves crashing]
[thunder rumbles]
[Blue Water humming]
[Nadia] Gargoyle wants
to sink this ship
but he also wants to get his
hands on the Blue Water.
The Blue Water is causing
all of this violence.
It's the reason
that so many people have died.
Is the Nautilus
that important?
Is the Blue Water
so important?
[Captain Nemo]
It is.
The Blue Water
must be protected
even if it costs us
everything.
That is the destiny of those
with whom it is entrusted.
[Blue Water humming]
[Nadia]
If it's going to cause me
so much anguish,
then I don't want to
protect it anymore.
No!
No, I can't!
[Captain Nemo]
As I am sure you are all aware,
our last battle cost us
the lives of three
comrades from
the engine room crew.
Their remains must be returned
and laid to rest
in the soil of their homeland.
We shall now set course
for the Sunken Cathedral
in the Natal Sea Valley.
Prepare to dive.
[wind blowing]
[Nadia] Please save me.
Somebody, please save me.
[groans]
Jean?
Yes, Nadia?
I need--I need your help, Jean.
-Hmm.
-What is it?
[Jean]
Well,
when I increase
the magnification
on the microscope...
the designs are still there
and they appear to be
three-dimensional.
I wonder what
these designs are for?
What is that?
It is armor plating
for the Nautilus.
There is no harder metal
in existence in all the world.
[gasps]
Incredible.
It's cut into this
as if it were paper.
But how can a piece of crystal
do something like that?
What on earth is the Blue
Water made of?
Uh, I am sorry, Nadia,
but this is beyond my abilities
of comprehension.
Oh. Thank you, Jean.
I am sorry, really.
[soft chuckles]
Why was this stone given to me?
Is this what the captain
called destiny?
That it is.
Fait and the others
were required
to sacrifice their lives
so that ours could be spared.
That was their destiny.
The one written for them
in the eternal stars.
So they had to die even though
they wanted to live?
That's correct.
[Nadia] That means
the reason they died...
the very reason they were even
aboard the Nautilus,
the reason the Blue Water's
in my possession,
and all of this warfare
is all a part of destiny?
That's correct.
Didn't you know?
This has been your destiny
since you were born.
Please, no.
Then, what is the reason
I was born in the first place?
You were born so that you could
one day realize your purpose.
[Nadia]
To live from day to day
with these thoughts,
is that the destiny
of the one
who possesses
the Blue Water?
[gasps]
Did you come to see me?
Very well. You may come in.
First, explain this to me.
Why did...
Why did Mr. Fait die?
[Captain Nemo]
Because of me.
You're keeping watch?
Yes.
There were so
many more things
I wanted to teach them,
Captain.
[rumbling noise]
[voice]
Why all of us have died?
Why?
-[voice] Why?
-[voice] Why do you live?
-[woman] Murderer!
[voice]
Why have we died?
Why do we lie dead
while you take breaths?
[voice]
Tell us!
Tell us why!
-[voice] Tell us!
-[voice] Why?
[Blue Water humming]
Huh?
[gasps]
[Nemo]
Wanderer...
do you seek the adventure
beyond the treacherous
waterfalls?
Do you seek the mythical
being that dwells
in this unreachable place?
If you do, then you must
first find me.
[Blue Water humming]
[rumbling]
[engine revving]
[Captain Nemo] All crewmen
prepare to disembark.
We have arrived in Atlantis.
Hmm? Atlantis?
[dramatic music playing]
[bells chiming]
Huh?
Huh.
It is incredible
that a place like this exists
at the bottom of the sea.
[dramatic music continues]
[Jean]
Atlantis, a legendary continent
that vanished from the earth
12,000 years ago.
No life remains
in these ruins.
It is a world of silence
and death.
Atlantis, I wonder
what brought your destruction?
Interesting.
These stones feel like glass
and they all have a uniform
size and shape.
They must have been created
under great pressure.
-[Electra] That's correct.
-[both gasps]
The heat was so intense
it melted the rocks.
The blast came from
the crystal tower
we just descended.
That is the Tower of Babel.
[both gasps]
[Electra]
Gargoyle attempted
to construct one like it
but he failed.
This is the original,
and it will never demonstrate
its power again.
Truthfully,
it was never intended
to be used as a weapon.
Then what exactly
was its purpose?
[ominous music playing]
[Jean]
What are those?
[Nadia]
Gravestones.
[Jean]
Gravestones?
How do you know that?
[Nadia]
I don't know.
[engineer] We call it the
Sunken Cathedral.
This place was not originally
built to be a cemetery.
However, a long time ago,
a great number of Atlanteans
died here.
This was used as a temporary
resting place for those souls
until they could return to
their homeland.
All those who die
in the war against Gargoyle
sleep here.
[Jean]
Atlantis. Neo-Atlantis.
Blue Water.
No! Be quiet!
I hate these stories!
I won't hear them!
Come. Let's go.
[dramatic music playing]
Pardon me. What are you doing?
-What is this?
-Please, one moment.
To my friends,
this is for you.
I wish I could bring you
French wine.
I'm sorry.
[Jean]
Why is that?
[sonar]
We sailed on a French ship.
My name was Eiko Villan.
I was their mate.
[Jean]
Really?
Please, Mr. Eiko,
what was the ship's name?
The Elyse,
sailing out of Le Havre.
It was sunk by the Garfish.
I-I was the only one
that survived
thanks to the Nautilus.
[gasps] What was the
name of your captain?
Raltique. He was Captain
Rocque Raltique.
He was a very fine man.
[gasps]
Father.
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia]
Captain Nemo?
I need to ask you
another question.
How can--
how can you go on living
after causing the deaths
of so many people?
Answer me!
One day, I will die too.
But I have a mission to
complete before that day.
[sighs]
Captain!
[engineer]
All who have sinned
will be punished
in accordance with the gravity
of their transgressions.
The captain is carrying
a heavy cross, Nadia.
He must continue living for
the sake of the men who died.
And in doing so,
must carry on his mission
until it is accomplished.
You will understand
this all in time.
If the punishment for
Captain Nemo's sins
is having to find Nadia again,
there can be no crueler fate.
[wind howling]
[Jean's footsteps]
Huh?
These flowers are real.
[groans]
[sighs]
[Nadia]
Jean?
It's water.
[gasps]
[water gushing]
[Jean]
Even those with the knowledge
to build such wonderful things
must one day die and disappear.
Goodbye, then.
[Nadia]
Jean!
When we were in France,
you told me you were going to
fly around the world
in your own airplane.
[Jean]
That seems long ago.
I don't care about
that anymore.
Even if I searched
the seven seas
or flew through
all of the heavens,
I know now I would never
find my father.
[Nadia]
Scientific inventions are
supposed to bring us happiness,
aren't they?
Jean, do you remember how it
was when we first met?
[Jean]
Hmm?
Do you remember what you
said to me that day, Jean?
"We are only given
one life to live,
so let's make it
bright and happy."
That's not it.
We must make the most of it.
Those were my uncle's
favorite words.
They were.
[Nadia]
He was a nice man.
[Jean]
Mm-hmm.
[Nadia]
Jean?
[Jean]
Yes?
Do you want to go back home?
I don't know.
So, do you want to
stay on the ship?
-Yes.
-But why?
I want to be their friend.
To be friends with all of them.
[gasps]
Yes, I like them very much.
-Let's go.
-[Nadia] Hmm?
[Jean] Let's go back
and join the others.
[Nadia]
All right.
Look at them.
It's amazing that they can grow
in a place like this.
Yes.
They're much more beautiful
than the ones
that Gargoyle created.
-[Jean] Nadia!
-[Nadia gasps]
Should you?
Mm-hmm.
I know now.
I know that I have to pick
this flower.
[gasps]
[groaning]
[Nadia grunts]
[navigator] Discover this flower
in the darkness
and you will know
the joy of life.
This blossom is truly
the power of life.
Close your eyes and think of
the darkness.
Learn to live in awe of it.
Darkness is the lordship of
insecurity.
It is truly
the kingdom of death.
Do not forget the darkness
when there is light.
Do not forget the flower
when there is darkness.
Do not deny the unmerciful
force of your nature
when you peer into the darkness
within your heart.
Close your eyes and think of
the darkness.
Learn to live in awe of it.
We relinquish you now
to the rest of unbroken slumber
till we return to
our home above.
From this day forward,
we become inhabitants
of the darkness.
Each one of us offers up
flowers and an uneasy peace
within our hearts to you,
our departed comrades.
[weeping]
Farewell, friend.
[Blue Water humming]
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]